# Meeting 7PM 06-19-2022

Attendees
- Tieway
- Mabel
- Venu
- Yehui


Notes:
- This meeting was to scope out the project
- We agreed to each create an Github Organization to manage the code (example: github.com/glab-prosoul). We are to create our own organizations then fork the repositories into it, not sure which repositories we will work mostly on. Perhaps ELK but there will be work in SIGILS panels and there might be some work being done in cereslib, then later open issue in Grimoirelab
- @vchrombie has provided some insight into how he organized things: His project tracker is this github.com/vchrombie/gsoc. You can also write blog posts, github gists, dev.to, etc. and you can send the report to the slack channel etc
- Tieway will use Gitee and Mabel will use Github as data source
- Venu shared some of his best practice tips for GSOC
- The goal this summer is to try to achieve what you have proposed, ideally you want to have it merged to CHAOSS organization
- About the role of the Jupyter notebook in MMs: Jupyter is to give you instructions. But first you have to set up the models using the software platform to fetch and analyze the data. Then you can use the notebook to explain that in a good way for people. Notebook only good at doing simple user friendly visualization with markdown. 
- First thing to do for this project: First thing is to implement in GML and visualize your data on any format tools like kibana, grafana, or open search dashboards thats the things we first need to do. Store in database. 


Link to Yehui's meeting minutes for this meeting (available on Slack as well):  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pbl16AL9KL25xh3zThOcWWsQCfOk9yGWuLanXX_mkfM/edit?usp=sharing

Action Items:
- Mabel and Tieway meet again on Sunday
- Schedule weekly meetings at this time (Friday for me) with the entire group
- Write weekly report and ping mentors. Ping them for reviews as well, or anything else. Even though we havent done much work. Just write what we have discussed. How are you going to start? etc.

