# Meeting 7PM 06-19-2022

Attendees
- Tieway
- Mabel


Notes:
- Tieway would like to update proposal to be more in line with metric **model**
- Mabel would like to update proposal given new work in the Metrics Models WG that occurred after GSOC application deadline, as well as clarify anything that is not going to be possible this summer and fine-tune the proposal
- Both of us are worried about the scope of such a project being too large if completed individually
- Both of us are worried about there being two different implementations
- We both would like to hear more about the final goal of the MM from Yehui



Action Items:
- Meet with Yehui
- Meet with individual mentors or together to get our proposals reviewed