# Meeting 7PM 06-21-2022
Attendees: 
- Sean
- Yehui
- Tieway
- Mabel

Status: Draft (may not make sense until final review)


Notes:
- Yehui has begun to review proposals again, as we requested. 
- Design - Yehui has designed with his team
- Gathering data to build the model 
- Use ELK stack to shape and make the data available to people in the form of a MM
- Sean can set up technical understanding of components
- Talk with Venu on Slack. Work with ELK stack would be my work to make it function
- With tieway - Also do design work or implementation blocks together if desired. 
- More than 1 valid solution for a metrics model
- Not a competition but 2 different perspectives, will help flesh out what the MM really is
- Conceptual and user design
- Proceed with proposal for software design
- Free and open sharing with Tieway, exchange notes
- Help each other with technical things, but at the end of the day have 2 independent solutions
- As a side thing, use the Slack channel
- ELK Stack setup , getting started 
- Software design and what you implement will be independent, even if you build the same thing. It will be originiating from different data.

GrimoireLab setup:
- This should be the next step
- https://chaoss.github.io/grimoirelab-tutorial/docs/getting-started/dev-setup/
- Metrics can be implemented using ELK stack.
- https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-elk/blob/master/grimoire_elk/enriched/github.py
    - for example. you can see the metrics implemented with github data source in https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-elk/blob/master/grimoire_elk/enriched/github.py
- Where to put the MM?
    - Can go in same place as metrics, but be more refined
    - Already know how to ingest data, but how to calculate the result of the metrics model. And where to put this solution. And there are several ways to handle it. First way is setup an independent project to store this metrics model solutions, or you can keep up with the solution similarly like "studies". 
    - independent new repo to have metric model or define it to study part 
    - plugin? imported?
    - kind of like plugin module which contains metrics models
    - in current GML for studies, it only support unique data source. But in MM we need multiple data sources 
    - Is there an example of such a plugin? Yehui can provide an example of one this week. He already has done it in his team.
        - Yehui says "For the metric model part, I will send the template of repo. The repository of metric model which is able to integrate with Grimirelab" 

Action Items: Design + Data Collection
- Get proposal reviewed with suggestions to make it more feasible (tag Sean)
- Create fork, make changes in the links you can see up there ^ (Sean sent them in Slack)
- Flesh out design work more. "You can start from design work and metric data collection."
- Collect data for some set of metrics using Perceval. Follow design patterns for additional Github data sources so you can add your own Github endpoints. 
- Check the template that Yehui sends (later this week)
