# Meeting 7PM 06-20-2022

Attendees
- Sean
- Mabel

Notes:
- Sean has brought up the possible coordination cost of this project, citing that:
    - Yehui is responsible for metric model, and heâ€™s already been working with the student
    - Yehui has the clear vision, may be difficult to keep up due to timezones
- We are working on an unstructured problem plus working with 2 students - a different experience compared to other GSOC iterations. Thus, we do not need to worry about taking time for logistics and coordination. 
- Plan to meet again tomorrow at the same time, ideally with Yehui and Tieway (but if not, we will still meet). We also plan a meeting to walkthrough Grimiorelab in the context of this project with Venu. Sean can attend this because he would like to be more familiar with Grimoirelab as well. This meeting can be held in parallel to the former, or after.
- Sean is at OSSNA this week but can try to meet every day at this time slot. 

Action items:
- Identify areas where I am "stuck" in understanding Grimoirelab/knowledge gaps